Brother, who the hell is your brother?
I said this kid is unreliable
What if you don't believe me?
What are you still doing?
That's enough money.
Took a while
Who wins faster?
Stop
Hahaha
Captain, don't run
Stop and don't run
Don't run
280,000 dollars. That's a lot of money
If this allows you to catch up
Then you must not kill
Ok, go down right now
Forget it. Forget it.
The money is gone, you can make it again.
Hold on to your life first
What to do, bro?
Forget it, lose the money
I guess there's really no money left.
Take the money and go big, you go chic
Go go go
Uh-huh.
A bucket of money I finally made
Just figure it out
Bank brother, you go to work
Thank you, sir.
I heard you're in trouble.